# Git Practice
# The Interesting Article
https://nsynthsuper.withgoogle.com/

# What I Find Interesting About It
There are a number of really cool takeaways from Google's NSynth, as well as some relatively frightening ones. First, the fundamental idea of it--using machine learning to successfully combine and create sounds--is amazing. But the Magenta team has also gone a step further. Instead of simply combining sounds, the neural net actually analyzes the individual sounds and creates new qualities based around the original ones. In this way, NSynth is fundamentally different than typical synthesizers, which actually synthesize their sounds by manipulative a waveform with one or more other waveforms (in a sense literally combining the waveforms to change the overtone series and thus the timbre of the sound). The physical aspect of NSynth is even more innovative, as most music controllers do not have such sleek design that is also intuitive. As a musician, touch and interactivity is a crucial element of writing music, and generally writing on a computer tends to eliminate these benefits. What's even more insane is that the NSynth's code is compatible with virtually any controller, not just the one Google has created.

One of the biggest negative takeways is of course that as virtual synthesis of music and sound becomes higher quality, the demand for live musicians may decrease. In the past, no one really expected synthetic instruments to replace real musicians, but that was a time when computer-generated sounds were hard-coded and lifeless. Now, a neural net can analyze the acoustic qualities of a sound and its performance and replicate it almost perfectly, and this technology will only improve from here. 

# Comment from Olivia Zhang
It's cool to see that NSynth can output over 100,000 new sounds with only 16 original sources and 15 pitches range. I know that algorithms have been used to create music, but it's still amazing to see advanced techniques like machine learning and neural networks have been applied to music production. The physical design of NSynth is innovative too, and it makes this digital music production a more integrated process. I definitely agree that future technology will continue to improve the acoustic qualities and effects of the sounds that this synthesizer creates.
